# GlobalFitFunction
The original Figure 3 was placed in the position of Figure 2 in the revised manuscript, and shown below also. The experimental data shown in Figure 2 was globally fitted in the OriginPro 2021 software package, using the function listed in Formula 3 and Formula S10 in Supporting Information. Curves in Figure 2a-c own the same polarization indicator \varphi_1, as they are belonging to the same point P1 of the sample. Similarly, curves in Figure 2d-f own the same polarization indicator \varphi_2, and all these six curves in Figure 2 own identical \chi_{ij}^{(2)}, as they are from the same material. Therefore, in the global fitting practice in OriginPro, the parameter \varphi_1 was shared among scatted curves in Figure 2a-c, and the parameter \varphi_2 was shared among scatted curves in Figure 2d-f, components of \chi_{ij}^{(2)} were shared in all the six curves. To achieve the above goal, the six additional parameters, s_1, s_2, s_3, k_1, k_2, and k_3 were introduced, which acted as the ON/OFF controller of the corresponding fitting functions, and therefore, we can fit six curves in one expression (the expression indeed includes six fitting functions controlled by s or k controller). As \chi_{ij}^{(2)} owns ten non-zero elements, a multiple solution issue should be avoided through reducing the number of independent parameters. Hence before fitting the \chi_{ij}^{(2)}, we simplified the corresponding expressions of P_x^{2\omega} and P_y^{2\omega} by merging similar items. After that, the independent parameters in the fitting process could reduce to seven parameters, i.e., m1, n1, m2, n2, \varphi, \chi_{13} and \chi_{33}. Then, the scatter data measured at segment P1 and P2 could be fitted and produced two set of fitting parameters ((m1, n1, m2, n2, \varphi_1,\ \chi_{13} and \chi_{33}) and (m11, n11, m22, n22, \varphi_2, \chi_{13} and \chi_{33})). Finally, the non-zero elements of \chi_{ij}^{(2)} could be resolved with the two set of fitting parameters. The customized fitting script (Global Fit Function. FDF) and our experimental data (Experimental Data.txt) are available in this website, which can be used without additional edition for reviewers to check our results.
